$
+
#
About Aztech New Media Corp.

COMPANY CONTACT INFORMATION

Organization Name: Aztech New Media Corp.
Address: 1 Scarsdale Road, Don Mills, Ontario, Canada, M3B 2R2
Telephone: (416) 449-4787 
Fax: (416) 449-1058 
Alternate Fax: (905) 738-1961
Sales Only Toll-Free: 1-800-494-4787
Email: anmc@hookup.net
Web: http://www.aztech.com


COMPANY PROFILE

Aztech New Media Corp. is a publisher of intellectual property on CD-ROM for the global 
market. As of early 1996 the Company has published 49 license and royalty-free photographic 
image titles, 9 commercial games titles, 2 license and royalty-free music titles, 2 general 
reference titles, 66 shareware titles,  11 multipacks, five 4-CD-ROM "Album" trademarked 
packs, 5 foreign language-specific packs and a variety of custom titles for bundling purposes, 
including a 12-CD multilingual set.

After producing its first few shareware titles in 1992, Aztech acquired the rights to 
manufacture The Case of the Cautious Condor and Murder Makes Strange Deadfellows, two 
of the world's first truly interactive, award-winning, comic book-styled murder mysteries. 
Aztech's most ambitious project was The PhotoPhileTM World Stock Image Library, a 31-CD 
set of high-resolution photographic images from 40 countries around the world, and cross-
referenced by 22 thematic categories. It was over six months in the making. The Photophile 
Library was the world's first, and still is the world's largest, compilation of annotated, 
printable quality, color-corrected photographic images ever offered on CD-ROM. The 
Photophile Library is about 18 gigabytes (18 billion bytes) in size. The tape backup 
requirements during development were about half a terabyte (0.5 trillion bytes).

In addition to The Photophile Library, Aztech also offers Visual RhythmsTM (3 cd's), 
Abstract Graphics and Backgrounds (3 cd's), Gems, Fashion-Advertising-and-Lifestyles I  and 
II (3 cd's), Jurassic Dinosaur, a product line Sampler (#3), Textures and Backgrounds, Floral 
TapestryTM, African HeritageTM, African Traditional Peoples, SpaceViewsTM From NASA 
I & II, Watermarks and Ghosted ImagesTMI & II, BodyShotsTM (6 cd's), and  Underwater 
RealmsTM image libraries. Shareware titles include The Complete Office Automation System, 
Windows MasterBlendTM I, MegawareTM, DOS MasterBlendTM, Super Shareware Games, 
Incredible Game Pack, MacSilverWareTM I, II and III, and the top-selling 7-CD Home 
Entertainment CollectionTM ("The CubeTM" Series I), The Fun CubeTM II,  The Kids' 
CubeTM III, The Mac CubeTM IV and Kid's Cube For WindowsTM V. Commercial game 
offerings include ImagiSOFT's Entertainment EmporiumTM, MVP's Most Valuable 
ProgramsTM, The Perfect GeneralTM and The Lost AdmiralTM,_which are all Aztech-
exclusive game compilations. Music titles include The Music Works!TM I and II, and Nature 
CallsTM I and II. The Publishers' Pick 10-Packs Series 1 and 2, reflect a wide cross-section of 
titles from leading software publishers from around the world.

The Company's third 10-pack is a 10-CD bundle titled MacPack AttackTM featuring The 7th 
Guest, Journeyman Project Turbo, Harpoon II and others (several supporting multiple foreign 
languages).

Another industry innovation from Aztech is its 48-CD-ROM "Home@OfficeTM Series 
featuring 8 modules of 6 titles each. The modules are Publishers' CubeTM, Artworks 
CubeTM, Multimedia CubeTM Productivity CubeTM, World PhotoCubeTM, Clipart 
CubeTM, TheDocument CubeTM, and the Business Mgmt. CubeTM. Included in this series 
are such reknowned and best selling products as Harvard Graphics, Xeros'x TextBridge, 
Midisoft's Sound Impression, Peter Norton's Windows 95 Tutorial, Maximizer contact 
management, Hutchinson Multimedia Encyclopedia, Jetform's Bizforms, Jian's Marketing 
Plan Builder, WinCheckit!, Pressworks, Conversion Artist and much more.

Aztech's products have been well-received in the global marketplace. In lateSpring, 1994, 
Aztech developed a European top-ten 12-CD collection titled, TheHome Entertainment and 
Professional Multimedia Collection. In the first six weeks of introduction, over 100,000 cd's 
were sold from this collection. Two other titles have sold over 70,000 and 100,000 copies 
respectively in less than six months of each title's release. Series 1 of The Cube was rated in 
the top 15 for over 5 months in 1995 on the Bestseller List of New Media Magazine, achieving 
#12 in August 1995.

Aztech currently has distributors in more than 25 countries including Canada, the United 
States, the U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Holland, Belgium, Norway, Sweden, 
Denmark, Finland, Greece, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, Hong Kong, Malaysia, South 
Africa, Japan and more.

Aztech produces everything in-house that is required for its CD-ROM titles. This includes all 
creative design and artwork for inserts, liners, CD labels, brochures, advertisements, retail 
packaging, point-of-purchase materials and other marketing collaterals, software development, 
licensing, quality control and assurance, film output, scanning, and CD-ROM pre-mastering.

AZTECH RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE SPECIFICATIONS TO ANY OF ITS 
PRODUCTS WITHOUT NOTICE.
$          Aztech
+          PagePizazz
#          Aztech
