                                D I A M O N D

                           A Game by Matthew Bush

                    First Release:  Friday, April 14, 1995



DESCRIPTION

        Diamond is a fast paced VGA only game that combines both extreme
        arcade style reflexes and puzzle solving strategy.  Your 
        objective is to retrieve a set number of diamonds from fifteen
        different levels.  In your quest you must dodge the mines
        digging equipment and falling boulders and diamonds as you
        tunnel through the earth looking for the diamonds you need
        to defeat the spirit of Xathe.  Diamond includes a free built-in
        level editor and Soundblaster compatable sound plus speed
        adjustability to compensate for different skill levels.



STORY

        The long searched for diamond mines of the Andes mountains have
        been found.  It did not take long for the entrepreneurs to realize
        that the only way to make a profit would be to automate the mines.
        Soon, there were machines that dug tunnels, crushed boulders to
        release the diamonds inside, and conveyor belts and lifts to move
        everything around.  But not long after the mines had been automated
        and were set to run independent, something went drasticaly wrong,
        as it always does.  The spirit of Xathe was awoken.  The demon set
        forth his minons to wreak havok on all of the machines that had
        intruded in upon Xathe's lair.  The diggers, or blades as they were
        called in mine jargon, were sent to aim mindlessly through the
        corridores of the mine.  The conveyor belts were set to run at
        top speed as the bolts flew from their joints.  The corporations
        lost hope after the first attempts to regain control were a complete
        loss.  It did not take long for the news of this event to reach
        the entire globe.  Young and old souls alike seeking fame, glory,
        and adventure foolishly set out to make their fourtune with the
        thousands and thousands of diamonds to be found in the mines.
        You, being the foolish one that you are, decide that you too can
        outfox the spirit of Xathe.  So here you are.


(C) Copyright 1995, Matthew Bush
